hi guys for today's video I'm going to
show you how easy it is to paint lemons
on your nails this design is perfect for
spring so you want to know how to
recreate it keep watching apply a white
base on all your nails on two of my
fingers I'm going to paint vertical and
horizontal beam lines
to paint the lemons it's like painting
roses on your nails you don't need to be
perfect for this design star with a
light yellow to paint a few other shapes
over the white base use a light green to
us the lips to make the lemons more
realistic as shadows using darker shades
like this
usually light brown shade to draw the
outlines of the levels and also to add a
few tiny dot on each level and remember
them try to be perfect the Messier the
better for this vintage a design
to finish the design apply your top coat
and the teeth hope you like this
tutorial and let me know in the comments
if you want to see more tutorials like
this thank you so much for watching guys
bye